A bear! I've landed on a wild and wicked bear!
A bear, however hard he tries, grows tubby without exercise.
A beast barely able to restrain itself carried a risk to its master.
A beautiful battle is one you don't have to fight
A beautiful body perishes, but a work of art dies not.
A beautiful bouquet or a long-lasting flowering plant is a traditional gift for women, but I have recommended that both men and women keep fresh flowers in the home for their beauty, fragrance, and the lift they give our spirits.
A beautiful country is a dream-like an illusion. It is senseless to cling to it. Unless the inner forces of negative emotions are conquered, strife with outer enemies will never end.
A beautiful day begins with a beautiful mindset. Every day you wake up, think about what a privilege it is to simply be alive and healthy. Stop focusing on the negatives and everything that could go wrong and start thinking about what could go right. Better yet, think of everything that already is right. Be thankful for nights that turned into mornings, friends who turned into family and past dreams and goals that turned into realities. Use this mindset of positivity to fuel an even brighter today and tomorrow.
A beautiful death is for people who lived like animals to die like angels—loved and wanted.
A beautiful dress may look beautiful on a hanger, but that means nothing. It must be seen on the shoulders, with the movement of the arms, the legs, and the waist.
A beautiful face cannot hide an ugly heart for long.
A beautiful face is temporary
A beautiful face like yours should be smiling. Why don't you smile?""I do smile. When something beautiful happens in a book, I can't help but smile.
A beautiful face will age and a perfect body will change, but an awesome person will always be an awesome person.
A beautiful gift does not decrease in value because it is wrapped in ugly paper.
A beautiful girl in the library whispered to herself, "I too peek from the book shelves, but I can't stare longer.
A beautiful girlfriend is worth two more.
A beautiful heart finds beauty in everything.
A beautiful heart, a beautiful smile.
A beautiful idea can give you immortality—not success or money.
A beautiful lady is an accident of nature. A beautiful old lady is a work of art.
A beautiful lady with an evil heart is like a hundred dollar note cut in two with one piece missing
A beautiful life is a life that is content and satisfied with material possessions, and has an abundance of hope, love, laughter, kindness, and compassion.
A beautiful mind is like a beautiful path! The more you travel with it, the more you find peace and happiness!
A beautiful nap this afternoon that put velvet between my vertebrae.
A beautiful person is a person who can see the beauty in the midst of ugliness.
A beautiful person is not defined by a hair style, a pair of shoes, it’s not the logos on the T-shirt, the sport’s team on a hat, the designer’s name on a hand bag, or even how you smell.Instead, beauty lies in who you are when no one is watching, the person you are when there’s nothing to hide behind. No amount of concealer can cover up a cantankerous heart, but all the make-up in the world can’t add a single lumen to the brightness of a beautiful soul.
A beautiful person is someone who stays true to themselves and their spirit someone who is self-confident and can make you smile. 
A beautiful poem is like a beautiful sky and a beautiful sky is like a beautiful poem!
A beautiful poem is nothing but a mirror of philosophy through which we can see life’s pure beauty.
A beautiful rain is a treasure box. Inside this magical box there is an artistic umbrella, there is a pretty rainbow, there is a sweet bird singing and there is a lovely smell of earth! Something wonderful has a great potential to create some other wonderful things!
A beautiful rose with an ugly soul wilts quickly.
A beautiful sidenote is, once the toxins and dramas are removed, you purify your life. Simplify and purify. What better way to live your life? Simple and pure!
A beautiful smile is the prettiest ornament that you can find. Happiness is the prettiest color for your imaginative mind.
A beautiful smile without any reason is the smile of the existence!
A beautiful Soul never know how beautiful it really is, a ugly allways thinks it is.
A beautiful thing happens when we start paying attention to each other. It is by participating more in your relationship that you breathe life into it.
A beautiful woman always has her own place in everymans heart.
A beautiful woman can have almost any man she wants. A rich man can have almost any woman he wants.
A beautiful woman delights the eye; a wise woman, the understanding; a pure one, the soul.
A Beautiful Woman Is A Baggage. Thank God Yours Is A Suit Case
A beautiful woman is a practical poet, taming her savage mate, planting tenderness, hope and eloquence in all whom she approaches.
A beautiful woman is like a painting and remains beautiful no matter how old she is.
A beautiful woman is one with a beautiful heart. She may be covered with mud or sores but only her foot fit the glass slipper.
A beautiful woman looking at her image in the mirror may very well believe the image is herself. An ugly woman knows it is not.
A beautiful woman should always have at the back of her mind that her ravishing appearance is only an ephemeral quality. When she wakes up in the morning, looks into the mirror, and notices that something is fading away, she knows that the time is ripe for marriage. She should be careful of who she takes into her life because the union is gonna be everlasting.
A beautiful woman should break her mirror early.
A beautiful woman should break her mirror early.
A beautiful woman who is pleasing to men is good only for frightening fish when she falls into the water.
A beautiful word of love radiates joy for ever.
A beautiful world with ugly people
A beautiful, majestic, and awe-inspiring sea awaits you. And you are welcome to enter however you see fit - to wade, to walk lightly, to swim for your life, or to sail. The decision is yours. No one will stop you from returning to the sandy towel on the shore if you desire. But I’d like to think you chose to come to the sea for a reason. You have been called to the sea. There is something here that you need, and it has awaited your arrival for quite some time.
A beauty is a woman you notice a charmer is one who notices you.
A bed is a place where so much of life is played out - births and deaths and passions and dreaming - all the most fundamental moments of our fragile human existence.
A bedraggled woman stood on his doorstep in the pouring rain, and his first impulse was to slam the door in her face. But she had clearly come as far as she could; her pale face was twisted in pain, and she shivered convulsively beneath a denim jacket that was as soaking wet as the rest of her. Long black strands of hair hung down in twisted ribbons like seaweed in the vanishing daylight, reminding him of a sea creature he'd once dated briefly in his more adventurous youth.
A bedroom is not necessary for me to demonstrate my womanliness!
A bee does not need to follow you to give you honey: you follow it. Become a person of value and you too won’t have to beg anyone to follow you.
A bee is never as busy as it seems it's just that it can't buzz any slower. 
A bee, though small, can still sting you; an elephant, though calm, can still trample you; a lion, though full, can still devour you.
A beetle will chase after an opening of light, while a cockroach will scatter at a crack of it. How are we different from insects? Nobody is purely good or purely evil. Most of us are in-between. There are moths that explore the day and butterflies that play at night. Polarity is an integral part of nature — human or not human.
A being afire with life cannot foresee death; in fact, by each of his deeds he denies that death exists. If death does take him, he is probably unaware of the fact; it amounts to no more for him than a shock or a spasm.
A being who, as I grew older, lost imagination, emotion, a type of intelligence, a way of feeling things - all that which, while it made me sorry, did not horrify me. But what am I experiencing when I read myself as if I were someone else? On which bank am I standing if I see myself in the depths?
A being with no faith in the human self is a being with no spirit of life, regardless of how many Fathers or Holy Spirits or Sons it believes in.
A belief does not become a truth just because the whole world believes it.
A belief in hell and the knowledge that every ambition is doomed to frustration at the hands of a skeleton have never prevented the majority of human beings from behaving as though death were no more than an unfounded rumor.
A belief in hell and the knowledge that every ambition is doomed to frustration at the hands of a skeleton have never prevented the majority of human beings from behaving as though death were no more than an unfounded rumour  and survival a thing not beyond the bounds of possibility.
A belief in reincarnation would at least give us some slack
A belief is an absolute but arbitrary mental stance.
A belief is an uneducated guess.
A belief is not an idea held by the mind, it is an idea that holds the mind.
A belief is not merely an idea the mind possesses
A belief is not merely an idea the mind possesses  it is an idea that possesses the mind.
A belief is not true because it is useful
A belief is nothing more than a repeated thought which you have chosen to embrace and implement in your life.
A belief is purely an individual matter, and you cannot and must not organize it. If you do, it becomes dead, crystallized; it becomes a creed, a sect, a religion, to be imposed on others.
A belief is simply a thought that seems true to YOU.
A belief which does not spring from a conviction in the emotions is no belief at all.
A belief which leaves no place for doubt is not a belief; it is a superstition. -Jose Bergamin, author (1895-1983)
A believe in yourself is powerful enough to turn you into a world leader while self-doubt and self-pity are powerful enough to turn you into a street loiterer
A believer  a mind whose faith is consciousness  is never disturbed because other persons do not yet see the fact which he sees.
A believer covers up and give Naseehah, whereas an evil-doer exposes and humiliates.
A believer shall not be stung twice out of the same hole.
A beloved daughter who now spent holidays alone.
A bend in the road is not the end of the road…Unless you fail to make the turn.
A benefit of friendship is knowing whom to tell secrets to.
A benevolent universe of spirit helpers sits at the ready to support your unfolding joy. All you have to do is ask.
A best friend is he who can emulate a dog but still can talk.
A best friend is he who hurts you with their love and feels you when you're hurt.
A best friend is someone that will stand in your storm and tell you the lightening is beautiful just to make you realize that your heart was worth getting soaked.
A best friend is the one person that doesn't leave you worse off by their actions or yours.
A best friend is the only one that walks into your life when the world has walked out.
A best friend isn't someone who's just always there for you.It's someone who understands you a bit more than you understand yourself
A big city is a big ocean
A big desire is not enough to meet the expectations of lost dreams.
A big enough artist, I say, can eat anything, must eat everything and then alchemize it. Only the feeble writer is afraid of expansion.
A big group of daily friends or a white painted house with bills and mirrors, are not a necessity to me—but an intelligent conversation while sharing another coffee, is.
A big hello from California!! And, when in doubt, self-publish, thank you smashwords.com!!!
A big hole in a poor child’s shoe is the simplest evidence to condemn the society he lives in.
A big island of library, in the middle of an ocean, away from all the fools of the world, would this place not be a real paradise?
A big leather-bound volume makes an ideal razorstrap. A thing book is useful to stick under a table with a broken caster to steady it. A large, flat atlas can be used to cover a window with a broken pane. And a thick, old-fashioned heavy book with a clasp is the finest thing in the world to throw at a noisy cat.
A big lemoncolored cat watched him from the top of a woodstove. He turned his head to see it better and it elongated itself like hot taffy down the side of the stove and vanished headfirst in the earth without a sound.
A big man stood looking out the window at the night. He had a close-cropped haircut, obviously military, and wore a camouflage uniform. Pink scalp showed through his light colored hair and his thick neck glowed red. There's a stroke waiting to happen. Tara couldn't stop the irreverent thought.
A big name or a big designation doesn't make a man big but responsibilities do.
A big part of (Janice) Marturano's success in bringing mindfulness to this unlikely venue was that she talked about it not as a "spiritual" exercise but instead as something that made you a "better leader" and "more focused," and that enhanced your "creativity and innovation." She didn't even like the term "stress reduction." "For a lot of us," she said, "we think that having stress in our lives isn't a bad thing. It gives us an edge.
A big part of being in a wedding is the financial obligation, and that's something that people don't really talk about, but if you're asked to be in a wedding, you're gonna have to fork over some cash.
A big part of dealing with depression is realizing that you are in control of your own happiness.
A big part of filmmaking is gathering a group of people you can work with.
A big part of financial freedom is having your heart and mind free from worry about the what-ifs of life.
A big part of making music is the discovery aspect, is the surprise aspect. That's why I think I'll always love sampling. Because it involves combining the music fandom: collecting, searching, discovering music history, and artifacts of recording that you may not have known existed and you just kind of unlock parts of your brain, you know?
A billion neutrinos go swimming in heavy water: one gets wet.
A billion stars above us coat the sky white. It would have been beautiful back home, but not here. Here it is the ever present reminder that we are all alone and insignificant.
A billion stars go spinning through the night,glittering above your head,But in you is the presence that will bewhen all the stars are dead.
A bind is when you're quadriplegic, suicidal about that and unable to persuade your best friend to murder you.
A biochemist colleague has kindly provided me with a bottle of hydrogen peroxide, and enough hydroquinone for 50 bombardier beetles, I am now about to mix the two together. According to the above, they will explode in my face. Here goes...Well... I'm still here! I poured the hydrogen peroxide into the hydroquinone, and absolutely nothing happened. It didn't event get warm!
A biography is considered complete if it merely accounts for six or seven selves  whereas a person may well have as many as a thousand.
A biomass will do whatever it takes to be accepted by the society
A biomass will live with a self-preservation instinct
A bird & a fish can fall in love, but where do they make a home?
A bird can roost but on one branch. A mouse can drink no more than its fill from a river.
A bird cannot fly upward if each wing is flapping in a different direction.
A bird cannot fly with broken wings. Your heart cannot love without learning to heal.
A bird cannot fly with one wing only. Human space flight cannot develop any further without the active participation of women.
A bird cannot love freely when caged.
A bird cried jubilation. In that moment they lived long. All minor motions were stilled and only the great ones were perceived. Beneath them the earth turned, singing.
A bird does not achieve its highest potential inside its shell.
A bird does not fly because of the wind around it, but because of the strength within it.
A bird does not give up flying because it failed on its first attempt.
A bird does not give up flying today because it couldn't find any worms yesterday.
A bird doesn't sing because it knows the song. It sings because it carries the melody in its heart. May you always dance to the rhythm of your heart.
A bird flashed across the empty sky. A cart immobile on the horizon, like a midday star. How could a plain like this be remade? Yet someone would, no doubt, attempt to repeat their journey, sooner or later. This thought made them feel they should bet at once very careful and very daring: careful not to make a mistake that would render the repetition impossible; daring, so that the journey would be worth repeating, like an adventure.
A bird in a nest is secure, but that is not why God gave it wings.
A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush, unless it is the burning bush, in that case the value of your bird just went up!!
A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush.
A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush......unless the bird has the flu!
A bird in the hand was worth two in the bush, he told her, to which she retorted that a proverb was the last refuge of the mentally destitute.
A bird in The Strand is worth two in Shepherds Bush
A bird is born knowing how to fly, but has to learn to conquer the skies.
A bird is safe in its nest - but that is not what its wings are made for.
A bird must have faith in its wings in order to fly.
A bird must overcome its fear of heights before it can rule the skies.
A bird must rely on its own wings if it is to conquer the sky.
A bird only conquers the sky when it has mastered enough courage to lose sight of the ground.
A bird that does not break out of its shell will die in its egg.
A bird that fears falling off of a tree branch is ignorant of its gifts.
A bird that fears turbulence will never know how high it can fly.
A bird that sings too much will only lose its voice, but a bird that does not sing at all will lose its symphonies.
A bird who wants to fly high will never frighten of sky
A bird will only eat from a hand it trusts.
A bird will only fall from the sky when it stops believing in its ability to fly, and a fish will only drown in water when it stops believing in its ability to swim.
A bird with a broken wing cannot survive nor will a man with a broken spirit endure.
A bird without wings and a man without art are both condemned to wander in low places
A bird, unable to fly, is still a bird; but a human unable to love is an inexpensive stone: like a piece of uric acid stone
A birth-date is a reminder to celebrate the life as well as to update the life.
A birthday is a glorious day filled with good laughter, gladness and great memories.
A birthday is just another day where you go to work and people give you love. Age is just a state of mind, and you are as old as you think you are. You have to count your blessings and be happy.
a bit of a dirty fighter, quick with cutting words that he later regrets and doesn't really mean. Then again, I wonder if there isn't always a grain of truth in them, somewhere
A bit of adviceGiven to a young Native AmericanAt the time of his initiation:As you go the way of life,You will see a great chasm. Jump.It is not as wide as you think.
A bit of fantasy can be good for ones heart
A bit of fragrance always clings to the hand that gives you roses.
A bit of research can save you hours, days of time correcting mistakes that you never had to make in the first place.
A bit of sniffles and men are more work than a brood of babies.
A bit of the vagueness of music stops you going completely mad, I imagine.
A bit of theory as we settle down for lunch: the waiter's treatment of Kitty is actually a kind of sandwich, with the bottom bread being the bored and slightly effete way he normally acts with customers, the middle being the crazed and abnormal way he feels around this famous nineteen-year-old girl, and the top bread being his attempt to contain and conceal this alien middle layer with some mode of behavior that at least approximates the bottom layer of boredom and effeteness that is his norm.
A bitter awareness that everything is a sensation of mine and at the same time something external, something not in my power to change. Ah, how often my own dreams have raised up before me as things, not to replace reality but to declare themselves its equal
A bitter critic is the sweetest corrector.
A bitter experience makes us a better person.
A bitter man needs to place his troubles on the front of his tongue so that they taste sweeter.
A bitter reality of truth can be wisely told in a sweet tale of lullaby.
A bitter thing cannot be made sweet. The taste of anything can be changed. But poison cannot be changed into nectar.
A black agenda is jobs, jobs, jobs, quality education, investment in infrastructure and strong democratic regulation of corporations. The black agenda, at its best, looks at America from the vantage point of the least of these and asks what's best for all.
A black boy brought Wilson's gin and he sipped it very slowly because he had nothing else to do except to return to his hot and squalid room and read a novel - or a poem. Wilson liked poetry, but he absorbed it secretly, like a drug. The Golden Treasury accompanied him wherever he went, but it was taken at night in small doses - a finger of Longfellow, Macaulay, Mangan: 'Go on to tell how, with genius wasted, Betrayed in friendship, befooled in love...' His taste was romantic. For public exhibition he has his Wallace. He wanted passionately to be indistinguishable on the surface from other men: he wore his moustache like a club tie - it was his highest common factor, but his eyes betrayed him - brown dog's eyes, a setter's eyes, pointing mournfully towards Bond Street.
A black cat among roses,phlox, lilac-misted under a quarter moon,the sweet smells of heliotrope and night-scented stock. The garden is very still.It is dazed with moonlight,contented with perfume...
A black cat crossed my path, and I stopped to dance around it widdershins and to sing the 
A black cat crossing the road is considered bad luck in some cultures. What about the cat’s culture?
A Black church that isn't inherently revolutionary is irrelevant.
A black dog, tall and wide as a full grown man, took a couple of steps toward them. It bared sharp, yellow fangs big as Bowie knifes. Drool dripped from them to the dried grass below. Unable to help it, Lee wet his pants when he saw the animal’s eyes. It had four glowing orbs that burned with a smoldering red light like the fires of Hell.
A black hole holds all the colors of the universe.
A black hole really is an object with very rich structure, just like Earth has a rich structure of mountains, valleys, oceans, and so forth. Its warped space whirls around the central singularity like air in a tornado.
A 'black' man who draws a 'black' person with big lips is called observant. A 'white' man who does the same is called a racist.
A black pendant in the shape of a heart lay in her hand. It was carved with roses and strung onto a velvet cord.
A black pit bull barreled against the fence, jaws dripping with saliva, viciously barking like Old Yeller after the hydrophobia kicked in.
A black shadow dropped down into the circle. It was Bagheera the Black Panther, inky black all over, but with the panther markings showing up in certain lights like the pattern of watered silk. Everybody knew Bagheera, and nobody cared to cross his path, for he was as cunning as Tabaqui, as bold as the wild buffalo, and as reckless as the wounded elephant. But he had a voice as soft as wild honey dripping from a tree, and a skin softer than down.
A black suit can be classic and timeless and certainly for most occasions. But remember, it's not so much the color of suit as it is about the fit, cut, style, and, of course, attitude you have when wearing it.
A black woman making art is a disruptive act. Every story that I tell as a woman is a political act, even if I want to tell a 'silly love story.' The fact it exists through my gaze is radical.
A blackbird doesn't change its tune to suit the times.
A blade of grass is a commonplace on Earth; it would be a miracle on Mars. Our descendants on Mars will know the value of a patch of green. And if a blade of grass is priceless, what is the value of a human being?
A bland smile is like a green light at an intersection, it feels good when you get one, but you forget it the moment you're past it.
A blank canvas is a playground for the imagination.
A blank canvas...has unlimited possibilities.
A blank cheque kills creativity.
A blank page and time ignite infinite possibilities in a mind unyielding to boundaries.
A blank page has more power than a full page with blind thoughts.
A blank page is no empty space. It is brimming with potential... It is a masterpiece in waiting -- yours.
A blank piece of paper is God's way of telling us how hard it is to be God.
A blank wall of social and professional antagonism faces the woman physician that forms a situation of singular and painful loneliness, leaving her without support, respect or professional counsel.
A blaze of love and extinction, was better than a lantern glimmer of the same which should last long years.
A blessed companion is a book! A book that, fitly chosen, is a life-long friend.
A blessed companion is a book--a book that, fitly chosen, is a lifelong friend...a book that, at a touch, pours its heart into your own.
A blessed deed is saying hello with a smile to someone you meet on the street, in the shop, in the bus, in the office, in the church, in the holy places, in the mosque, at the park, at the school, at the university…..’ This is the greatest action of belonging to one another.
A blessed hope, a blessed life.